Kelly - Kythaela, Wood-elf Ranger
Sue - Thia, Half-elf Bard
Sharon - Raizyn "Raiz" (sounds like Ryze), Silver Dragonborn Paladin (Torm, LG god of courage and self-sacrifice)
Dantan - Corrin, Stout Halfling Priest (Mask, CG god of thieves, Trickery Domain)

Thia is a half-elf with pink hair, who was raised by humans. When she turned 18, her parents told her she was left on their doorstep with a flute. They gave Thia the flute, and she found she could play it instinctively. After that, she spent the next few years training to be a Bard.

Corrin has a shadowy past. Now he is a cleric devoted to Mask, god of thieves.

Raizyn lived on a ranch in a small farming village. Now she is a Paladin devoted to Torm, god of courage and self-sacrifice, fighting to protect the people. As she is Torm's newest paladin, he occasionally sends her guiding messages directly.

Kythaela, after exploring the Lost Mines of Philander at Wave Echo Cave, joined the Lords' Alliance along with Heian and Lesona. Sain went his own way. Heian brought the rejuvenation potion back to Chip Monastery, and successfully healed the monastery's sacred tree with it. However, he had changed during his journey, becoming more forthright, spontaneous, and at times, violent. He no longer fit in with the monks, so they did not object when he decided to leave the monastery again, this time for good. Heian now tries to reclaim some of his former monk serenity, avoiding conflict and helping the Lords' Alliance as a behind-the-scenes type. Lesona helps where she is needed. Kythaela mostly does field missions.

The Lords' Alliance recently learned of strife to the southeast of Baldur's Gate (far south of Neverwinter and Phandalin), with kobolds and bandits attacking towns. Kythaela got on a caravan headed in that direction, and along the way, Thia, Raizyn, and Corrin joined the caravan as well, keeping their reasons for doing so mostly to themselves.

As the caravan approached the town of Greenest, the 4 adventurers found themselves on the same cart. Corrin and Kythaela argued; Corrin asked to see her necklace, and when she refused, he challenged her to a contest for it. Kythaela refused to fight or to arm wrestle, but was willing to commit to an archery contest. Corrin backed down. Thia played a song on her flute. Raizyn introduced herself, and said that her god Torm was also with them.

The party reached Greenest at dusk, and found it was in flames. The caravan leader decided to turn around, but the party Kythaela immediately started running down to the town. Corrin stole some jerky from the caravan first. Corrin tried to be stealthy as they approached the town, but there was no cover on the road leading downhill to the town.

Upon reaching the edge of town, the party found a family of 5 villagers fleeing a group of 8 kobolds. A woman holding a shield and a broken spear stood against the kobolds as her 3 children and wounded husband fled. One kobold tried to run past the woman and she skewered him right in the face. Another got around her and attacked the man, knocking him out. The children tried to revive the man. The adventurers then joined in, attacking the kobolds as Raiz shouted, "Surrender to me, you can't beat your superior!" Raiz used Lay on Hands to heal the fallen man 1 hp, reviving him. The party killed the kobolds without taking damage. Afterwards, the woman introduced herself as Linan Swift, said kobolds and bandits were attacking in multiple places, and that their best hope for safety was to get to the fort in the middle of town. The party agreed to escort them. Kythaela and Corrin scouted ahead while Thia and Raizyn stayed with the villagers.

They walked further into town, crossing a wooded river over a bridge. On the other side, they saw 2 cultists and 3 kobolds setting fire to a couple of buildings. Kythaela shot two of them from 120 feet away, and a long-distance battle ensued. The attackers were killed without too much trouble in the ranged battle, although Kythaela took some damage from a kobold's sling. Raizyn grumbled about missing with both her javelin throws, and wiped the dirt off of them.

Just one block further, the party encountered 5 cultists outside a large house. One cultist stood in the open doorway, shouting into the house, "Tell us where your valuables are, or we burn the house down!" Kythaela replied, "Step away from the door or you die," and the party attacked. After the battle started, 2 kobolds came out the front door of the house and joined the battle, while a 3rd appeared from around back of the house. The enemies were slain, but Raiz and Thia were bloodied, and Kythaela had taken wounds as well. Corrin, who had stayed back to protect the villagers, went unharmed.

During the battle, smoke had started to puff out from the house, and now was growing quite thick. A voice called out from inside, "Hello, is anyone there? The kobolds all left but they set the house on fire! We need help!" Kythaela determined that the shouts sounded genuinely frightened. The party couldn't see in through the door due to the smoke, so Thia used prestidigitation to create a puff of wind. It didn't remove the smoke, but it cleared things up momentarily so they could see fire inside the house, with unconscious villagers tied up in the far corner.

Thia used prestidigitation as if to "snuff out a campfire." Raiz used her shovel to "attack" the dirt road, digging up dirt (not always successfully) to throw on the flames. Together, they cleared a path through the middle of the fire, but the fire spread to the sides of the house.

As no first-story windows were visible, Kythaela shot out a second-story window. She then tossed up her grappling hook and climbed up with some difficulty. Meanwhile, Raiz picked up Corrin and boosted him up to the window. Corrin and Kythaela went down the stairs and began cutting villagers free.

Then, all four party members ran back and forth, supporting semi-conscious villagers to get them out the front door. Kythaela and Corrin worked together to support one person at a time, Thia supported one person at a time, and Raiz supported 2 people at a time. Everyone except Corrin took some damage from inhaling smoke, his short stature protecting him from the worst of the smoke. The villagers revived in the fresh air, Raizyn healed herself with her remaining Lay on Hands power, and they all continued on to the keep, avoiding roads from which shouting could be heard.