The party hikes back to Greenest, where they report to the mayor. He pays the reward for their work and tells them that Leosin moved on to Elturel, but he rented 4 horses before he left for the party to use. The party thanks Mayor ? and rides north.

On the way they run into few travellers but spot 3 kobolds around a campfire some distance from the road. As they approach, Raizys recognizes Rocky the friendly kobold. Well, friendly enough that he welcomed a disguised Corrin into camp and gave up information on the Cultists. Raizys sheathes her sword as she approaches, and they start a conversation in which Rocky complains that he and the other kobolds can't get peaceful work because humans don't trust them.

Nolati wants to kill the kobolds, but Raizys holds her back. At Raizys' suggestion, the kobolds decide to go back to the cave now that the cultists are all gone. They promise not to hurt anyone who are not rabbits. Corrin gives them a ration, while Thia gives them a 3 day old steak. The kobolds return the favor by giving the party a fork. The party continues north until they reach Elturel. On the way, Corrin convinces Nolati to train him in rapier use in exchange for 50 gp plus expenses (which cost another 50 gp in town).

The party finds Leosin Erlanthar the monk and Ontharr Frume the paladin at an Elturel inn, along with other monks and paladins. The party impresses their new acquaintances in various ways. Thia plays her flute, Corrin heals a paladin with a stomachache, Nolati talks of her military experience, and Raizys talks about her oath to protect the innocent. Leosin and Ontharr invite the party to join them as either Harpers or members of the Order of the Gauntlet so that they can continue to fight against the Cultists and track the caravan as it heads north along the coast.

Thia and Corrin join the Harpers, while Raizys and Nolati join the Order of the Gaunlet. They each receive a sigil or medallion. Raizys wears hers openly, Thia and Nolati wear theirs under their clothes, while Corrin pins his to his rucksack to make it more easily hidden. Leosin and Ontharr offer what assistance they can, and the party asks them to tan the dragon hides they collected into leather, modify the chain mail to fit Raizys, and modify the purple robes to fit Thia. The party also gets a rapier for Corrin and studded armor for Thia. They do not have a set of studded armor in Corrin's size, but he trades in his old armor at a nearby shop to find a suitable set.

To catch up with the caravan, the party sails west along the river. The trip takes 3 days, during which Corrin continues to train in the rapier. They arrive at Baldur's Gate and meet up with their contact, Sparkand, a merchant who is well versed in the local economy. He gives the party three leads to find magic items while they are in the city: a tavern in the market district, a religious preacher in the temple district, and a shady black market dealer in a poorer section of the city.

Thia and Nolati decide to go to the tavern together. They arrive to find the place packed, and report to the tavern keeper. He says that their usual bard is late, and asks Thia to play for the crowd until he arrives. She does so and the crowd shouts out requests for a happy song, a sad song, and a silly song. Thia delivers, and the crowd applauds. The bard arrives and takes her place on stage, and the tavern keeper repays Thia by telling him what he's heard of magic items that people in the tavern may have. He says that the tavern's usual bard has a magic hat that he seems to use as part of his stage act. There is also a young lord at a corner table with some large, two-handed magic weapon. Finally, there are people gambling in the back room, and one of them seems to have a magic sword of some sort.

Thia decides to approach the bard, who says he will only sell his magic hat if Thia can defeat him in an insult duel. The bard will throw three insults at Thia as they play their instruments, and Thia must respond with insults that rhyme.

Bard: If you want to beat me you must be crazy!

Thia: You can't beat me because you're too lazy!

Bard: Your hair is pink like bubble gum.

Thia: Your hair is like your face: really dumb!

Bard: Flutes are instruments for charming a rat.

Thia: A lute is in an instrument for a brat!

The crowd roars in approval, and the Bard bows in defeat. He sells his Hat of Disguise to Thia for 300 gold.

Nolati decides to enter the gambling den, and finds a man holding a sword that has a magic aura about it. She asks if she can buy the sword, and he responds that he will sell it if Nolati can beat him in a dice game. She agrees, and sits down to play. Nolati plays well and takes a commanding lead, then suddenly loses a roll unexpectedly. However, Nolati spies an ethereal hand manipulating the dice.

Nolati spins and spots an apparent bystander who was using Mage Hand. She immediately challenges him, but he denies having done anything. Nolati Intimidates him face-to-face, and the bystander wilts flees from the room. Undaunted, she then turns to confront the gambler, who is just as stunned at Nolati's perception and subsequent wrath. He agrees to sell Nolati his magic sword for 350 gold if she doesn't tell anyone about the scam he and his partner were running in the gambling den. Nolati, satisfied with their original agreement, takes the deal.

Thia and Nolati return to their base in Sparkand's shop, magic items in tow.