The party approaches the fort, located in a center of an empty field in the center of town. Kobolds and cultists are guarding the road to the fort. Haystacks and crumbling 3-foot-high stone walls are scattered throughout the area.

As they enter, Elmorn Cartwright holds up his lit torch to get a better view, but Lirin Swift tells him to put the torch out before they get spotted. As the party discusses what to do, a black dragon with red wings flies overhead, roaring as it spits fire at the defenders huddled down in the keep. It then flies off into the east. The kobolds hide in terror, while the cultists calmly watch the dragon pass overhead and cheer as it attacks the fort.

Corrin sneaks along the stone walls to approach one haystack near the 3 kobolds. He uses Sacred Flame to set the haystack on fire, then Thaumaturgy to turn the flame green, create the roar of a dragon, and amplify his voice as he shouts, "Who do I eat first?!" The kobolds panic, running for cover from the perceived dragon attack.  Corrin takes the opportunity to steal a sack of loot that one of the kobolds was hiding in the haystack, and sneaks back into the shadows. The cultists are confused, and head towards the burning haystack to investigate. Kythaela takes out two of the cultists with arrows as Thia and Raizyn tell the villagers to start running for the keep. One of the cultists looks back to check on a fallen cultist, and sounds the alarm when he notices the party moving towards the keep.

A prolonged battle ensues between the party as they escort the villagers from successive waves of kobolds, cultists and human guards. The villagers all run for the keep's entrance, and Raizyn calls out for them to run in an orderly fashion. Kythaela stays behind to shoot as many arrows as she can, while Thia and Raizyn move with the villagers, defending them with Vicious Mockery and Javelins. Raizyn hits one kobold with a javelin at range, then grabs the javelin and drives it in deeper to finish off the kobold as it approaches. Two cultists manage to reach the fort entrance and block the way, but are taken down by arrows from Kythaela. Corrin sneaks back to join the party, eliminating two kobolds who discover him as he moves through the shadows. Several kobolds focus their attacks on Kythaela, who manages to withstand the assault thanks to her armor and Necklace of Haze. Raizyn is injured as well, but is healed by Thia and Corrin. A break in the fighting develops as the remaining kobolds fall back to join the next wave, and the party takes the opportunity to flee into the fort. The defenders seal the doors behind them despite insults from the remaining raiders outside.

Lirin Swift thanks the party for their help. The party meet Governor Nighthill, an older human in charge of the town, Castellan Escobert the Red, who leads the guard detachment that protects the town, and Corporal Nolati, a human scout tasked with assisting the party. Corrin introduces the party, and Kythaela explains she came because she heard reports of kobold attacks. Nighthill and Escobert explain kobolds have been raiding towns in the area lately, and this is the first time their town was attacked. The dragon appears to be working with the raiders, keeping the defenders pinned down inside the fort while the kobolds raid the town. Governor Nighthill thanks the party for their help and asks them to rescue more townspeople and bring back a captive raider to interrogate. Escobert gives Corrin a key to the Old Tunnel that leads underground out from the keep.

The party takes an hour to recover in the barracks. Corrin discretely examines his bag of loot (despite Kythaela's attempts to watch him) and finds 20 gp' worth of silverware and dishes. He gives most of the loot to Lirin Swift to help with the rebuilding effort, and she promises to distribute them among the villagers after the fighting is over.

Nolati leads the party up on top of the wall, where they see large numbers of people gathered around the Temple of Chauntea to the northwest. Nolati says that a human wearing purple robes was leading the raiders in that direction. The dragon is nowhere to be seen, but Fruven Tarmikos, a human hunter, informs the party that he and 3 other hunters are planning an expedition eastward to hunt down the dragon. Kythaela joins them, and they leave by way of a rope down from the fort walls.

Nolati and the remaining party members head down to the entrance to the old tunnel, where they are joined by Elmorn Cartwright, the eager villager with a torch whom they rescued earlier. Corrin gives Elmorn the key, and he unlocks the rusty metal door that guards the old tunnel. Despite some cobwebs (cleared with Elmorn's torch), they make their way into the narrow, dark tunnel single-file. As they approach the exit, they are attacked by two swarms of rats! Elmorn runs to the exit, but has trouble unlocking the door's rusty lock with the key. The party fights off the rats with longsword, rapier, and purifying flame while taking minimal damage. Before too long, they kill enough rats that the remaining ones flee. Corrin takes the key from Elmorn and manages to open the rusty lock. They oil the lock and door with oil from Raizyn's leatherworking tools, and leave Elmorn with instructions to guard the tunnel, signaling villagers to approach and to secure it with the lock if enemies approach.

The party exits the Old Tunnel at the river that runs along the south side of the town. Corrin uses Channel Divinity to help Raizyn's stealth. They move stealthily west through the woods and then north along the west edge of town, and manage to approach the Temple of Chauntea without attracting attention. They see a large group of raiders battering at the Temple's front door, and a second mob patrolling clockwise around the temple. Nolati remembers the temple has a secondary door somewhere, so they allow the mob to pass and then follow behind at a distance. Behind the temple, they discover a third, smaller group of raiders, attempting to build a fire at a back entrance to the temple. The party approaches stealthily, the smoke obscuring their approach and manages to surprise the raiders. 