The party approaches the back entrance of the temple, using the smoke's obscuring cover to successfully sneaking up on the group of raiders there. Corrin moves off into the smoke, waiting for the right moment to make his move. One of the kobolds notices shadows moving in the smoke, but as he follows them to investigate, he spends more time looking at his feet than at his surroundings. He bumps into Raizys, and looks up in stupefied shock at the dragonborn towering over him. Raizys grabs at his snout and ends up grabbing his throat, and says, "You may talk to my sword, my claws, or my ice breath. Which do you choose?" The kobold squeaks out, "I... can't... breath!" Choked and intimidated, the kobold is unable to alert the others.

Corrin then magically amplifies his voice and shouts a fearsome roar, in surprisingly convincing mimicry to the dragon roar they heard earlier at the fort. The cultists are merely confused, but the kobolds panic, looking around frantically for the angry dragon hiding somewhere in the smoke. 

The disorganized raiders are cut down quickly by the party. "Hey Torm, looks like my birthday came early!" Raizys exclaims as she chills a squad of raiders with her ice breath. Nolati chops off one kobold's head so forcefully that it flies off into the forest and rolls into the river with a distant splash. Corrin and Thia put their spells and blades to work. Even the last surviving kobold is cut down as he tries to flee.

Thia extinguishes the smouldering door, while Corrin and Nolati call for the unseen defenders to open the door. One person suspiciously calls out to them, first unsure whether they are a threat, and then questioning whether he would be safer with the door barred, but they eventually convince him to let them in. He introduces himself as Zangeon Arroway. Corrin burns some of the raiders' corpses with Sacred Flame to disguise the battle as a dragon attack. Zangeon is startled by this, and then worries whether the violent-looking Raizys is a danger to the temple, but she calms his fears. Finally, he leads them in through the back door to the Temple of Chauntea where the desperate villagers are hiding. Corrin sends him to watch the back gate, with such stirring words of inspiration that he abruptly shakes off his insecurities and rushes off to do so.

Inside the Temple of Chauntea, the party encounter several terrified families at the Priest, a half-elf named Eadyan Falconmoon. As they try to organize the villagers to escape, the pounding of a battering ram comes from the front door, indicating that the raiders have breached the outer wall and now are making their way into the temple itself. Nolati leads the villagers out the back door while the others stay behind to buy them time. Corrin shouts at the door in an magically amplified voice, "Knights are coming to attack from the north!" but the raiders still manage to crack open the heavy wooden doors, revealing two kobolds and an armored cultist at the front of the group. The armored leader shouts for the raiders to drop the battering ram and to push the doors open with weapons drawn.

Thia magically conjures a powerful odor of rotten food, but the cultists give only momentarily pause at this distraction. Raizys slings a stone at them, but misses her mark as the first of the kobolds manages to push his way through the left-side door. Corrin then uses Thaumaturgy to slam the breached door shut, throwing the kobold flying back outside. "You idiots, I said to OPEN the doors!" shouts the leader. The party takes the opportunity to flee to the back door as a cultist opens the right-side door and leads a charge of angry raiders.

Thia and Corrin dodge the raiders' attacks and make it through the back door, where a waiting Raizys slams the door shut and wedges it closed with a spear. They then catch up with Nolati and the villagers at the river, and the entire party follows along the river, reaching the Old Tunnel and the safety of the fort.

Governor Nighthill and Castellan Escobert thank the party for rescuing the villagers from the temple. They haven't heard from Kythaela and the dragon hunters, nor seen the dragon or the purple-robed figure. The party decide to rest before heading back out to search for more villagers in need of rescuing. Nolati and Raizys rest in the barracks for an hour to recover from their injuries. Thia and Corrin however, are uninjured and spend the time entertaining the nervous villages who are huddled in a corner of the fort by a campfire. Thia plays her flute and Corrin uses Thaumaturgy to change the campfire's color in time with the music. Their cheerful performance eventually gets the dismal villages laughing and clapping along with the music, a blessing after all they've been through.

The fun times are interrupted by a crash from the west side of the fort. The party rouses and rushes to investigate, where they find Castellan Escobert giving orders and his guards rushing off in pursuit of raiders who seem to have gained entrance to the fort. Escobert explains that the raiders discovered the Sally Port, a small door to the side of the main gates that is normally disguised from the outside. Most of the attackers rushed into the depths of the fort, while a small group stayed behind to secure the door. Escobert asks the party to take back the Sally Port's Ready Room from the raiders before more raiders show up to reinforce them.

The party approaches the Ready Room, where several kobolds, a human in robes, and a large ambush drake are holed up. Corrin uses Thaumaturgy to slam the Sally Port door shut, trapping the raiders in the room, but then a standoff soon forms as neither side wishes to push through the chokepoint of the small room's remaining entrance. Nolati and Raizys disable one kobold who was guarding the door, but the Acolyte points at Nolati and commands her to "Flee!" Without a word, Nolati suddenly turns about and pushes past her allies, running out into the courtyard. Thia and Corrin trade spells with the kobolds' slung stones. Raizys pushes her way into the room and unleashes her ice breath, hitting multiple enemies in the cramped room, before retreating back to safety.

The kobolds are staggering from the frost attack, but the robed human uses his magic to restore the ambush drake's strength. The lizard then snarls and rushes out to bite at Raizys. Nolati, recovered from her magical terror, rejoins the battle, and the party focuses their attacks on the drake, bringing it down. With his allies defeated, the robed human tries to open the Sally Port door to escape, but is unable to escape before the party takes him captive. Nolati and Raizys then take out hammers from their packs and use Nolati's climbing pitons to nail boards to the door, while Corrin assists with magic and Thia rolls barrels from outside the room to build a barricade. As they work, shouts and banging noises come from outside the door, but they manage to secure it before the raiders' reinforcements can break in.

The party brings the captive acolyte and kobold to Governor Nighthill, who allows Corrin and Raizys to lead the interrogation. They rouse the acolyte first. The acolyte refuses to talk at first, until Corrin threatens his fingers while Raizys prepares to carry out the threat. The acolyte then breaks, telling them that they are the Cult of the Dragon Queen, they are gathering treasure for the Dragon Queen's hoard, and they have three dragon eggs in a cave somewhere, but he does not know the way to the cave. Upon further questioning, he says their cult is lead by Rezmir, a half-dragon with black scales. They then interrogate the kobold, who can tell them no new information.

The party decides to rest in the barracks again, but they are interrupted by a crashing sound outside, followed by a dragon's roar. They rush outside to find the black dragon with red wings attacking the fort's defenders on top of the fort's outer walls. The dragon attacks repeatedly, flying off in wide circles between fire breath attacks. As the party runs up to help, the dragon's attack causes the outer wall's wooden stairs to catch on fire and collapse. The party members are struck by the dragon's Frightful Presence, forcing them to keep their distance. Eventually they overcome the fear by force of will, and some of the party members attempt to climb the collapsed stairs or find other ways up onto the walls while others attempt to extinguish a massive burning pile of broken crates and barrels. Based on their location, they must have been stacked on top of the outer wall's walkway, and then knocked down to the courtyard by the dragon's first attack. Thia uses Prestidigitation to dampen the flames and Nolati kicks dirt onto the bonfire, slowly getting it under control. Meanwhile, Raizys ties a rope to a javelin and attempts to throw it up to the walkway, but cannot find a good anchor to hold the rope. 

The fort's walltop defenders dwindle, but are suddenly reinforced by Kythaela, who has climbed up from the outside wall by a rope. At the same time, her party of hunters attacks the dragon from outside the fort. The dragon continues its attack pattern, engulfing hunters and guards with its fire breath while the defenders fire as many arrows as they can. Corrin manages to strike the dragon with Sacred Flame when the dragon flies in close to the fort. Several of Kythaela's arrows find their mark, landing hit after hit even as the dragon circles up to 500 feet away.

Finally, the dragon takes notice of Kythaela, and speaks aloud in Draconic, "An annoying wood elf with blue skin and a bow - you must be one of the ? elves! I thought we wiped them all out, but here you are, getting in our way again." The dragon then fires a fire blast at Kythaela, who manages to dodge the worst of it, getting a few minor burns. Dozens of arrow wounds mark the dragon's body, but it wheels around for one more attack. Kythaela lands one last arrow on the dragon's body, causing its course to falter in mid-flight. The dragon plummets down at full speed, crashing into the keep's wall and causing it to crumble in a violent collapse. Kythaela is caught in the worst of the destruction, while Thia and Nolati are also caught in the explosion of rubble. Two of the fort's remaining guards check on Thia and Nolati while Corrin and Raizys climb up the unstable slope of fallen stones. Corrin finds one of the dragon's limbs sticking out from the rubble and burns it with Sacred Flame, but the dragon does not move. Thia climbs to her feet and spies Raizys' rope sticking out from the rubble - the javelin was last positioned near Kythaela's perch on the wall. She directs Corrin and Raizys, who manage to dig in the rubble and uncover Kythaela's unconscious form. They extract her and bring her down to the courtyard, but she is not breathing. However, Torm informs Raizys that Kythaela is not dead, as her soul has not entered the afterlife. The party try to decipher Kythaela's condition, but the only clue is the glowing dragon sigil on her breastplate.

A newcomer joins them, a female priest they have not seen before. She introduces herself as Lesonna, who was planning to meet with Kythaela at this town to deal with the kobold attacks but delayed in her travels. She attempts to heal Kythaela with her magic, but it fails. She casts Detect Good and Evil, and announces that Kythaela's condition has to do with some form of Good magic. The party pick up Kythaela to move her to a bed in the barracks, but are interrupted by crashing rocks as the dragon extricates itself from the rubble. Injured from the fight, the weakened dragon pauses only long enough to gloat that its blood finished off the pesky ? elf. Corrin responds by burning its eye with a well-placed Sacred Flame. The dragon unfurls its wings with difficulty, and manages to escape to the air, flying off to the east.

A few hours later, Lesonna and the party members have been unable to revive Kythaela, who appears to be in some sort of magical coma. A magical force field prevents anyone from making contact with her body, like an invisible cocoon. Lesonna decides that the only thing left to try is to transport Kythaela back to their headquarters, where magical experts can try to bring her back to consciousness. She offers the party members positions in the Lords' Alliance, and all but Corrin eagerly accept. Corrin asks for his debts to be paid in return for service, but Lesonna can only promise the same stipend that all members of the Lords' Alliance receive. However, she will see if her superiors can provide some other form of assistance. The party decides to pursue the raiders and track them to their cave lair, while Lesonna sets out for Baldur's Gate with the comatose Kythaela.

(Kelly, what was Kythaela's tribe of elves called again? I don't have your most recent character sheet.)

Raizys, Thia, Corrin, and Nolati are now level 2! Let me know if you want help with leveling up your character.