The party has grown to level 2.

Thia got a new spell slot, a new spell (Sleep), Jack of All Trades, and Song of Rest.
Corrin got new spell slots, and Channel Divinity: Invoke Duplicity.
Raizys got Protection fighting style, Divine Smite, and Spellcasting (Compelled Duel, Divine Favor, Heroism) 
Nolati got Action Surge

The next morning, Governor Nighthill asks the party to pursue the Bandits and find out information about their camp. He offers to pay them 250 gp apiece if they can find out how many raiders are there, who their leaders are, what's motivating these attacks, and where they plan to strike netx. Recovering the stolen valuables is a lesser goal to finding information. Castellan Escobert provides the party with a shortsword for Thia, javelins for Raizys, and rations for the trip. Corrin asks for horses, but they do not have any available. The party also meets a young injured monk named Nesim Waladra. He asks the party to look for his master, Leosin, who seems to have been taken by the raiders.

The party sets out to the south, following the tracks left by the raiders. They come across a camp of kobolds and cultists within a clearing sheltered by rocky cliffs on multiple sides. Corrin casts Disguise Self to take on the appearance of a kobold, and wraps brown leather around his arm to mark himself as Corrin. He walks into camp carrying a bundle of sticks for the fire, and the kobolds welcome him. The kobolds finish cooking a bunch of prairie hens, and the cultists take half. The kobolds and Corrin take their share and leave the camp to the east. One grumpy kobold speaks to Corrin in Draconic, which he cannot speak, but he manages to bluffs his way through it. A friendly kobold talks to him in common, and says they have one sack of loot they are bringing back to the Cultist camp, they resent the human cultists for bossing them around, and that there are stragglers all around the area who are trying to make their way back to camp. Corrin. Corrin tries to insinuate that the kobolds should rebel, but they are reluctant to do so since they would get in trouble once they make it back to camp. The friendly kobold gives Corrin a drumstick from a prairie hen, and charges him with carrying the sack of loot.

The kobolds rejoin the cultists and they break camp, leaving to the south, Corrin still with them. The rest of the party was watching from behind the rocky cliffs this whole time, and they continue to follow at a distance. Corrin uses Thaumaturgy to make the sound of a dragon roar, but has trouble dividing his attention between maintaining his magical disguise and summoning a loud noise. He manages to produce the sound of a honking goose, which confuses the kobolds but does not provide much distraction. Corrin takes advantage of this confusion anyway by slashing open the bag of loot he carries, then dropping the bag at the foot of a cultist and accusing him of trying to steal the loot for himself. This ploy works much better, and a standoff between the kobolds and cultists results, with one kobold striking the accused cultist in the face with a slingstone. Corrin continues to rile up the kobolds and then charges at the cultists, who all decide to flee, running away to the east.

The party, who started running to attack once the confrontation started, arrive just after the cultists have left. Thia casts Sleep, putting 6 of the 8 enemy kobolds to sleep. Corrin yells to flee, and one of the remaining kobolds does so. He runs right past Corrin, who takes the opportunity to stab him with a dagger, killing him. Corrin yells, "no, they got Johnny" so convincingly that the other conscious kobold believes the act. The other kobolds runs away in a different direction, but Corrin and Thia chase him down and kill him with their spells. Corrin then collects the spilled sack of loot. The remaining kobolds are helpless and asleep, so the vengeful Nolati starts to execute some of them with her sword while Raizys rushes to tie up the others. The two argue about what to do with the captured kobolds, but Raizys eventually manages to convince Nolati to stand down. Nolati agrees to wait until the captives can be interrogated. One of the capture kobolds is the friendly common-speaking kobold that gave Corrin the chicken leg, so Corrin interrogates him. He tells them whatever they want to know, including the location of the raider's camp, they have a cave, they are led by the half-dragon Rezmir, who has hasn't seen lately, and another half-dragon Landregosa (sp) Cyanwrath, who stayed at the camp. He also mentions someone named Mondath. He says they are working to summon the Dragon Queen, Tiamat, because she will make things better for the kobolds as they are part-dragon. Raizys tries to recruit them to follow her, but he says he'd rather play it safe. But if Raizys becomes a dragon-god, let him know! He says that they don't have means of identification; it is simply assumed that only other raiders would know where the camp is located. Raizys and Corrin convince Nolati to let the captives go free, although they will remain tied up. As they leave, the friendly kobold says that the Raiders usually set up a rearguard, and that Raizys might want to do something to hide her silver scales.

Thia takes out her disguise kit and manages to use the small amount of black makeup she has to cover Raizys' face and hands, so she looks like a black dragonborn. They then march southward, and come to a place where the trail passes through a narrow pass between two cliffs. Corrin spies someone watching from above, so he calls out to them. They question who is approaching, so Nolati announces the entrance of "Raisin," and Raizys smacks her on the head for this. Raizys answers in an authoritative voice that she is Raizys, an associate of Landregosa called to join the cult of the Dragon Queen. The rearguard captain is skeptical at first, but is eventually convinced by Raizys' confident air and convincing disguise. He allows them to pass through, and that they should tell the camp guards that they are here to meet Landregosa.

The party arrives at the Raiders' camp, which is in a basin surrounded by cliffs. They get in past the guards using the same ploy. They see kobolds in one area of the camp, with villagers being forced to work as slave labor. They see cultists in a higher elevated area of the camp, and a large tent where they meet Landregosa Cyanwrath, a blue half-dragon with a sizable honor guard. He is happy to see another potential cultist of dragon blood, and assumes that Tiamat directed Raizys to come to them. He gives Raizys a dagger with an ornamented hilt, and instructs her to introduce her and her followers around the camp, get familiar with the layout, and present the dagger as proof that she acts on Landregosa's authority.

The party wanders around the camp talking to people. They talk to various groups, and learn:
- Some cultists hold out their 5 fingers as a salute to Tiamat, but some hold two fingers back to show that Tiamat's strength is hidden.
- Some of the cultists are new initiates
- Some of the cultists are just rangers or mercenaries, who are paid to work for the cultists. Some of the food the rangers bring back to camp go into the cave.
- A cultist lieutenant is in charge of torturing the monk Leosin, who is tied to a stake at the edge of camp.

The party meets Leosin, who explains he let himself get captured so he can learn the cult's secrets. Raizys gives him some healing, but not too much so it is not obvious someone is helping him. The party gives him food and water as well. They offer to free Leosin, but he insists they leave him there. As a compromise, Raizys leads the party back to the cultist lieutenant and demand he be more careful with the valuable prisoner and stop torturing him. The lieutenant responds with hostility, and is not impressed by Raizys' dagger. He summons 4 guard drakes, preparing for a fight, but Corrin manages to distract one with the prairie hen drumstick, and Raizys orders the drakes to stand down and obey their true master with such authority that they actually flee. His drakes disabled, the lieutenant begrudgingly agrees to go with Raizys to talk to Landregosa. Landregosa hears their stories, and decides that Raizys should be put in charge of Leosin's interrogation. The cultist lieutenant vows that they will rue the day they made an enemy of him. The party informs Leosin of this new development, then go back to the lieutenant's old tent and bed down for the night.