The party wakes up the next morning after spending the night in what used to be the tent of Elcool, cultist lieutenant who was in chrage of torturing Leosin. Some of Raizys' makeup came off while she was sleeping, but Thia manages to fix it with a paste made from charcoal from last night's fire. Raizys keeps the leftover paste just in case, calling it "scale polish."

A messenger arrives, and turns out to be a Dragonclaw sent by Landregosa. Nolati talks to him. The messenger says they need to get information out of Leosin by the next morning, since the camp will be moving.

Corrin goes to find breakfast, and gossips with the human cultists. He meets Redforth, who is a new recruit that gets pushed around by another cultist. The cultists say they are going somewhere north, but they don't know exactly where. Corrin sneaks an herb into the stew pot that will make the cultists sick if they eat it. Lieutenant Loratin tells Corrin that Dragonclaws have horned helmets and are higher ranking cultists, so as one he has the authority to tell Corrin to go guard the prisoners. Corrin talks with Redforth, finds an herb in his medical kit to give him as an antidote to the poison, and invites him to join the party for prisoner-guarding duty.

Raizys and the others talk to Leosin, and ask him for anything he can give them they can pass on to Landregosa to prove their loyalty. Leosin is skeptical, but tells them he was sent by "Ontharr Frume." He doesn't think it will make much difference to the cultists, since they already know of this paladin, and the paladin is too far away to be a threat to them anyway.

Corrin returns to the party and they decide to all go guard the prisoners, and use this later to tell Landregosa that Raizyn is taking initiative within the cultist camp. They also consider searching for prisoners' teeth to submit to Landregosa as proof that they tortured Leosin. They do so, and find Redforth waiting for them. The party can't find any teeth, but they manage to argue with the dragonclaw in charge of watching the prisoners. He tells the party to help with bullying the prisoners into submission. Two of the prisoners are too exhausted to rise, so Corrin approaches them. He attempts to fake punching one while healing them with the other hand, but stumbles and ends up hitting him straight in the face. The heal manages to undo the damage, and the prisoner jumps up off the ground in fear. Corrin repeats the manuever on the other prisoner, and succeeds this time. The other prisoner suddenly feels more energetic, and rises to join the others. The party finds a tooth that Corrin knocked out of the first prisoner's mouth.

The party helps march the prisoners to the Cultist's cave. There they meet Landregosa, and Raizys talks with him in private. Raizys delivers the tooth as proof of Leosin's torture, as well as the information Leosin fed her. Landregosa accepts this as a job well done, and tells Raizys that she should get any more information she can out of him before the next morning, as the Cultists will be leaving for Baldur's Gate and Leosin will be executed. Landregosa walks Raizys back to the dragonclaws and the rest of the party, then leaves them to make sure the prisoners finish moving sacks of loot onto carts by sunset.

Corrin uses a length of rope as a whip and dextrously whips at the air above the prisoners, helping to keep up bullying appearances without actually hurting them. The dragonclaws leave, demanding the prisoners finish loading the carts by the time they return. Thia heals some of the prisoners to boost their stamina while Nolati helps push some of the loot across the cave floor. Corrin stands guard outside the cave entrance and distracts the returning dragonclaws with fireworks. He also points out Redforth, who is sleeping off behind some boulders, and the dragonclaws run off to punish him. Redforth wakes up and claims he tripped and knocked himself unconscious, but the dragonclaws force him to join the other prisoners in hard labor. With the party's help, the prisoners manage to complete their task before sunset and thus escape punishment.

The party returns to their tent and decide their mission is complete and it is time to free the prisoners and leave the camp. Corrin and Thia go to the cook and convince him to give them food supplies by threatening to reveal why so many cultists got sick that morning. Corrin and Thia prepare a stew, and Thia watches it while Corrin and Nolati leave to fetch some cultists for dinner. Raizys explains the plan to Leosin, but is surprised by Elcool, the previous torturer who was fired and replaced by Raizys. Elcool attacks, but Raizys fends him off and injures him with Divine Favor. Elcool turns to flee, and Raizys attempts to magically bind him into stopping with Compelled Duel, but he resists the spell. However, Thia hears the racket and emerges from the tent, cutting him off. Elcool ends up running into Thia's rapier, dying as a shish-kebab. The party hides his body behind the tent and gives his outfit to Leosin to wear as a disguise.

8 cultists and Lieutenant Loratin arrive for dinner. The cultists go inside the tent to get their food, but Lieutenant Loratin confronts Nolati, recognizing her as a guard from Greenest. Before he can sound the alarm, however, Corrin quickly casts Charm Person, cutting him off in mid-sentence. Once all the cultists are inside, Nolati springs the trap and cuts down two cultists. Raizys announces, "Everyone, I've called you here today to say..." and attacks with her Frost breath weapon. Thia easily disables the weakened cultists with her Sleep spell. The rest of the party quickly finishes off those that managed to stay awake. Raizys declares that the sleeping cultists should be disabled and tied up, but the rest of the party decides that there is not enough time, and executes them. Raizys is distraught and kneels in grief among the bodies while the rest take their stew and eat it outside with Leosin. They then return, and Corrin tells Raizys to think of the villagers they need to protect. They search the cultists' bodies and take their clothes to use as disguises. Nolati finds an old silver locked on one of the cultists, with a drawing of his family inside.

The party gives Leosin the Lieutenant's dragonclaw helmet, and then sneaks through the darkness of night to where the prisoners are being held. One drunken cultist spots them along the way, but they convince him they are doing laundry. The party reaches the prisoners, who are chained up inside a tent. Redforth is chained up there as well. Corrin uses his thieves' tools to unlock the chains, and the prisoners put on the disguises. The party leads them to the southern edge of the basin and Raizys and Nolati scale the cliff. They then lower down their ropes, and hoist up the prisoners 2 at a time, as well as Leosin, Corrin, and Thia. 

As the party circles around the basin towards its northern edge, they come up against the 2 bluffs where the cultist's rearguard are stationed. The party decides to circle around east to avoid them. They march all night, straining the villagers' stamina, but they manage to make it to Greenest. The villagers return to their families, Leosin returns to the monks, and Governor Nighthill thanks the party for their help.