The party has grown to level 3.

After escorting the villages and Leosin to Greenest, Governor Nighthill thanks the party and rewards each member with the promised 250 gp. Leosin needs to recover from his ordeal, but he first asks the party to go on another mission for him. He wants them to return to the cultists' camp and gather more information - where are they going to attack next, where is the caravan heading, and what else are they planning. If they have an opportunity to slow down or stop the cultists' plans, they are welcome to do so. Leosin just wants them to come meet him in Elturel with whatever new information they have, and he will reward them with 150 gp each. Corrin asks if Leosin can provide any new equipment, but Leosin and the other monks don't have much else to offer. He does promise to convince Governor Nighthill to provide any assistance he can, which shouldn't be difficult since Nighthill is already indebted to the party for escorting the villagers home.

Nolati remembers the silver pendant in her pack, and takes it out to ask Nighthill about it. Before she can though, one of the villagers, Ylla, grabs her arm and asks to see it. She says it belonged to her brother Otio, who left to join the cultists but she and the rest of her family are still hoping that he will see the error of his ways and come back to them. She asks if Nolati knows what happened to him. Before she can answer that he was disabled by sleep magic and executed by the party, Corrin and the others inject themselves into the conversation, and they say that Otio had a change of heart and helped the villager captives escape, but died before he could escape himself. Raizys is silent during this exchange. Ylla believes the party, and thanks them for the news.

The party rests at the fort for the night, and in the morning they go to Nighthill to ask for supplies. Raizys lags behind while praying for new spells, but eventually joins them. The party receives daggers, a saddlebag, and rations, but the only chainmail they have is too big for Thia to wear, and she turns down the offered hide armor. Corrin talks to some of the keep's surgeons to ask if they have poison he can use, but none of the ones he talks to can help him. He asks if they have anything that could give someone a stomachache, and they suggest he use dirt, or any number of gross things that are readily available.

The party returns to the cultist's camp the same way they had come before. They spy that no one appears to be at the ambush point, and walk past it without a problem. They find that the camp is largely abandoned, and climbing one of the guard posts at the camp entrance confirms this. They spy two campfires at the southeastern edge of the basin, and Corrin and Nolati stealthily approach them. They do not appear to be cultists, so Corrin uses Mirror Image and sends his three "twins" to greet them. They are not very welcoming, but eventually state that they are hunters who supply the cultists with meat. They don't know or care what the meat is used for, they only know that if they bring skinned and gutted carcasses to the cultists in the cave, they get paid good money. Corrin and Nolati try to bargain with the hunters to get some of their meat, but the hunters just get annoyed. Finally, Raizys and Thia catch up and Raizys gives them the full price of 50 gp for one deer carcass. She picks up the 100 lbs of meet in both arms and carries it to the cave, and the rest of the party follow. Nolati takes the deer carcass, and the party plans to pretend to be working with the hunters to deliver meat to the cultists.

Upon entering the cave, Corrin stealthily scouts a short distance ahead, but fails to spot two dragonclaw guards who ambush the party from behind a rock pillar. One dragonclaw proclaims that no one is allowed to enter the cave while armed, and they easily spotted the party walking around outside in the basin and arguing with the hunters. Corrin is injured, but the party quickly cuts down the two dragonclaws. Corrin claims the scimitar that wounded him to use as his own weapon.

The entrance room of the cave has a clear exit to the east, which leads to a 10 foot cliff with a ramp along the side and mushrooms growing below. Nolati and Raizys begin to head that way, but Corrin and Thia decide to explore the southern end of the room, even though they find there is no apparent exit there. However, Thia's musically-trained ears happens to notice that the echoing, ambient sounds of the cave don't quite match what a cave should sound like. A faint undercurrent of noise is not in harmony with the rest of the cave, and it leads her to find a cleverly hidden passage in the corner of the room, which would be nearly impossible to spot amongst the shadows. The party decides to join her through the hidden passage.

The passage forks to the left and right, and the party decides to explore the right-hand passage. There, they find a storage room filled with boxes, debris, and a sleeping cultist. Corrin sneaks up on the cultist and holds a dagger on him, but he doesn't wake up. Nolati joins him and threatens the cultist, but he does not respond, so she ties him up with a length of rope. They search him and find an empty wine bottle, which explains his stupor. The party searches the room thoroughly and finds a small amount of money in coins and small gems (16 gp), and Corrin gives it to Raizys to compensate her for the deer carcass, which Nolati is still dragging along from room to room.

The party then heads down the other passageway, and comes across a room of cultists who are sleeping and resting. Three cultists are playing cards near the entrance, and they and the party stare at each other for a tense moment. Then, one of the cultists shouts an alarm, and everyone leaps into action. Some of the cultists flee out a back exit to warn others, while the rest grab their weapons and attack Nolati, who is standing in the entrance. Two guards with spears and shields lead the charge, while the other cultists crowd behind them, wielding scimitars. The party is unable to push past the bottleneck, so Corrin summons a Spectral Blade, which begins hacking at the crowd of cultists from behind. Thia and Raizys join in, attacking the enemies with spells and javelins and doing their best not to hit Nolati. Meanwhile, Nolati stalwartly takes hit after hit from the mass of cultists while patiently dealing out her own attacks. Corrin jumps onto Raizys' shoulders to reach Nolati and heal her with Cure Wounds.

With Nolati momentarily recovered, Raizys shouts for Nolati to duck, and unleashes her Frost Breath, which wreaks havoc amongst the tightly packed cultists. Nolati takes advantage of the opening to dodge one enemy guard's attack and Riposte, stabbing him through the heart. Energized by her Second Wind, she then turns and attacks the remaining guard with two rapid strikes, the latter of which chops his head off in a powerful swipe. The third enemy at the front, a scimitar-wielding cultist, is shocked by the brutal display, and attacks in desperation, but Nolati calmly blocks his attack and Ripostes to strike him down as well.

The bottleneck temporarily cleared, the rest of the party charges in, blades at the ready. Corrin stabs one cultist, then reclines in the corner of the room, his Spectral Blade standing guard between him and the remaining cultists as Thia, Nolati, and Raizys finish them off. The last cultist manages to land a blow on Thia, but is quickly cut down. The party decides to rest for a short while and bandage their wounds, but not before piling up all the wooden beds they can find to block the two entrances to the room. They also search the room and find a moderate amount of coins and gems (120 fp), which they divide, again giving Raizys the larger share.