After barricading both entrances to the cultists' room, Nolati, Thia, and Raizys take short rest while Corrin watches the door. Corrin hears a wooden thumping sound followed by footsteps. Just as the party is getting ready to head out, Corrin spots a human face poking around the corner of the exiting hallway. Corrin decides to wait and see what they do, and the face vanishes back around the corner.

The party moves the barricade aside, and Corrin sneaks ahead, following after the unknown human. At the other end of the winding hallway, he spots two muscular humans carrying axes. Corrin attacks with a Sacred Flame, misses, and then retreats back into the hallway with the others.

Landregosa Cyanwrath's loud, angry voice calls out, "Raizyn, come out and explain yourself!" Raizys pushes to the end of the hallway to where she can see Landregosa. Landregosa demands Raizys explain her betrayal, including helping the slaves escape and killing the cultists guards inside the cave. Raizys pretends to have had nothing to do with the slaves, but Landregosa has no patience for dancing around with words. Raizys says that Landregosa is a failure to Tiamat, and Landregosa declares that a duel will decide which of them is the failure. Raizys accepts his challenge, and Landregosa motions his two berserker bodyguards to stand back. Raizys steps out from the hallway, followed closely by Nolati.

Nolati decides to move to the side alcove to get a better position, but one of the Berserkers stops her. Landregosa yells at him to not get in the way of the duel. Nolati takes a step towards the alcove, and the berserker attempts to lunge at her, only for the other berserker to hold him back. Nolati refuses to back down, and the enraged berserker breaks free of his ally's hold and charges Nolati.

The duel is immediately forgotten as both parties engage. Nolati spars with the angry Berserker, taking advantage of her armor to strike the berserker again and again while taking no damage in return. Thia runs up to assist Nolati, dropping the butchered deer on the floor. The second Berserker attacks Thia, but stubs his toe on the deer corpse. Corrin sneaks up behind Raizys, hoping to get a chance to jump out at Landregosa.

Raizys and Landregosa engage with swords drawn, Landregosa pursuing revenge even after their duel has been disrupted. Raizys and Landregosa's first strikes fail to find their marks, and Raizys even manages to deflect a three-hit combo from Landregosa. Raizys mocks him, "you're an embarassment to Tiamat!" Landregosa responds by landing two strikes in succession, blooding Raizys. "Nice shot," she admits, using Lay on Hands to heal her wounds. Meanwhile, Corrin attempts to sneak past Landregosa. He only manages to get partway there before Landregosa spots him, and Corrin quickly summons a Spiritual Weapon and Mirror Images. Landregosa swings at him, but hits one of the images instead as Corrin moves into a flanking position.

Thia and Nolati continue to fight the two berserkers. Thia takes a couple of hits, but the two berserkers begin focusing on Nolati, whose tactical strikes mark her as the bigger threat. Corrin's spiritual weapon hacks at the berserkers from behind. The berserkers have inferior armor but surprising stamina, and continue fighting after taking several wounds. Some of their strikes eventually manage to find their mark, but Nolati's armor deflects most of their blows, until one of the berserkers falls.

Corrin and Raizys continue to strike at Landregosa, but his splint mail proves difficult for Raizys' sword or Corrin's spell attacks to overcome. Landregosa proves to be a master of the greatsword, striking at Raizys twice as fast as she can return blows and backing her into a corner. Raizys points behind him, declaring that Tiamat has appeared to pass judgement on their battle. She bluffs so convincingly that Landregosa, still under the impression that Raizyn is an agent of Tiamat, believes her. He turns his back, and Raizys takes the opportunity to heal her wounds. Corrin also takes advantage of the distraction to join Thia and Nolati in their fight against the remaining berserker, using his sacred flame spells. Thia, in turn, bolsters Raizys with Bardic Inspiration.

Enraged by Raizys' trickery, Landregosa turns to face her and unleashes his lightning breath attack. Raizys, being very familiar with breath attacks, dodges at the perfect moment, but even a glancing blow of Landregosa's powerful lightning wreaks havoc on Raizys' metal armor. Raizys declares stubbornly, "Here's a real breath attack!" and unleashes her frost breath, but Landregosa, just as familiar with breath attacks, also manages to dodge the worst of it. Finally, the powerful onslaught proves too much, and Landregosa's sword knocks Raizys to the ground, with her last breath of consciousness, Raizys spits, "If it took you this long to best me, my friends should have no trouble finishing you off!"

Nolati, Thia, and Corrin manage to bring down the remaining berserker, and Landregosa, still largely unharmed after his extended fight with Raizys, attacks Nolati. Even Nolati's armor is not impervious to Landregosa's greatsword, and she struggles to hold ground against him. Meanwhile, Corrin uses a Healing Word to revive Raizys while moving to flank Landregosa, and Thia strikes him with Dissonant Whispers. Landregosa's armor is useless against Thia's psychic attack, and the intense pain causes him to flee the room, allowing Nolati, Corrin, and Raizys from the floor to attack him freely as he runs past them. Nolati pursues him into the hallway and chases him down, finishing him off with a stab to the back.

The party searches the room. The berserkers have little of value, but Nolati and Raizys find that Landregosa's splint mail proves to be a decent fit for the 6-foot-tall Raizys. The gaps in back for Landregosa's wings will need to be closed by a blacksmith, however. Corrin and Thia search the alcove's chests and find clothes for a woman of average size, along with embroidered purple robes and matching boots and mantle. They also find a small, brass key. Corrin searches the desk and finds a letter signed by "Mondath."

Having searched the room, the party barricades the main entrance with beds and Landregosa's body, while pulling up the rope ladder from the trap door. Nolati takes a short rest and stands guard while the others take a long rest, but they are not interrupted.

After they wake, the party lowers a lantern down the trap door to find it is only 30 feet deep, so they descend down the rope ladder. Nolati descends first and loses her grip halfway, hitting her head on the rock wall as she falls. The others climb down without incident.

Below the trap door, the hallway leads them to an enlarged, ceremonial room, with dragon carvings along the walls and a chest in one corner. Thia examines the carvings, and recognizes the largest one as a shrine to Tiamat. She also notices that among the carvings, black dragons are overrepresented. Corrin examines the chest, noting that the stone around its base appears shaped. He then uses the brass key to open the chest, revealing a string of peals, a gold-and-sapphire ring, and a pouch containing a half-dozen masterfully cut and polished precious stones. The party claims the treasure, and then moves to examine the two exits to the room.

Corrin notices a string attached to the inside of the chest's lid, and decides to tie a piece of rope to it. He stands back, and pulls on the string. Acid suddenly sprays out of dozens of tiny holes in the dragon carvings along the wall, filling up the room with dangerous fumes. The party immediately flees down one of the exits, avoiding the fumes but receiving burns from the acidic spray.

The acid fumes are kept out of the next room by an unseen airflow. This room is dark, with a flat ledge along the left-side wall, and stairs on the right descending to a locked gate and a dark pit beyond. Thia and Nolati move to inspect the end of the ledge, and four kobolds reveal themselves, throwing glue bombs and fire bombs from the shadows. Thia and Nolati manage to dodge the missiles, and the party immediately returns fire, quickly defeating the kobold ambush.

A low voice, disturbed by the noise, rumbles throughout the chamber, "Who is there?" Corrin spots three snakes reaching out from the pitch-black pit below. "Snakes!" he cries, and jumps on top of Raizys' shoulders to escape. The others quickly back away from the pit. "Who is there?!" the voice repeats. The party says that they killed four kobolds, and the voice responds that the kobolds bring food. Thia remembers the blood-spattered deer corpse she's been carrying all this way, and tosses it into the pit. The snakes, which she makes out to be tentacles of rock-colored flesh, grab the deer and pull it off into the shadows. The party decides to continue feeding the unseen monster by working together to lift the four kobold bodies out of their alcove and toss them into the pit as well. The tentacles slowly reach out to drag the kobolds away. As they do, two guard drakes emerge from the shadows, sniffing at their dead kobold masters. Corrin attacks them with sacred flame, and they flee into the shadows.

The party descends down the stairs, and Corrin uses his lockpicking skills to open the gate. Nolati uses her tinderbox to light a torch, insistently refusing magical assistance from Corrin or Thia. As they venture further into the pit, the two guard drakes emerge again, attacking with teeth and swipes of their tails. Raizys and Nolati each face a drake, while Corrin throws his daggers (and Nolati's!) and Thia fires crossbow bolts. Nolati finds herself unaccustomed to fighting an enemy so low to the ground, and her parrying stance proves ineffective against the drake, who manages to strike her on both ankles. However, her opponent then manages to dislocate his jaw on her armored boot, giving her a temporary reprieve. The party continues to fight, and bring down both drakes with their non-magical weapons. The tentacle monster, meanwhile, makes no further appearances.

Nolati lights a second torch, and the party inspects the cave. They find two black dragon eggs, about 3 feet tall and covered in scales. Nolati cuts one open with her sword, and then beheads the infant dragon inside. She then turns to a pile of rocks to one side, and stabs a 3-foot tall rock there as well, revealing it as a disguised dragon egg. All 3 dragon eggs are destroyed and their contents executed. Raizys takes some time to skin the three infant black dragons, collecting their hides for leather, while the others continue to explore the cave, but they only find a small, dark tunnel, with deer and kobold blood trails leading down it. They decide to leave the room, and head back to the ceremonial room, now that the acid fumes have dispersed.