The party emerges from the dragon egg chamber, and explores down a new tunnel. They come out upon a stone bridge, and some observation reveals they are above the poisonous mushroom pit. Once they are all out on the bridge, an ambush of winged koblolds emerges from beneath the bridge, and a force of kobolds, commanded by Frulam Mondath, come charging down the stairs from the other end of the bridge. Corrin, who had been scouting ahead, is the first struck as a charging kobold stabs him right in the chest. Corrin retreats and heals himself. The party fights hard and cuts down several kobolds. Thia casts Thunderwave, knocking a kobold off the bridge to land among puffs of poisonous mushroom spores.

Frulam Mondath arrives after many of the kobolds have fallen; she is a female human wizard wearing purple robes. Mondath attempts to cast Hold Person on Corrin, but he shakes off the spell and dances a mocking jig, calling out a taunting question of whether the dragon eggs they found were for breakfast. Raizys and Nolati attack her, striking with their swords and frost breath.

Mondath summons a swirling cloud of fiendish spirits which hover around her. Nolati and Raizys hold their ground, but the spirits descend upon them, grabbing at them with ghostly hands and slowing their movement. Their necrotic touch eats away at armor and flesh. Thia runs up to them to heal the damage, but the spirits turn on her as well and Thia succumbs to the necrotic attack.

Corrin strikes Mondath with Guided Bolt, but Mondath takes the hit without losing concentration. Raizys, expending her Lay on Hands to stay upright, staggers over to Mondath and hits her with a sword strike, and the blow forces Mondath to lose concentration on her spell.

The path open, the rest of the party charges at Mondath, who heals herself and attempts to flee. The party cuts Mondath down before she can make it up the stairs, with Corrin's Guided Bolt landing the final blow. The remaining kobolds attack Nolati, hoping to bring down the weakened Fighter, but Raizys intervenes with her shield, covering Nolati from the attacks. The party defeats the remaining kobolds, stabilize Thia, and heal their wounds as they search Mondath's body. They find a halberd, a chain shirt,  a roll of paper, and a 5 headed dragon talisman. The roll of paper is a map, with a note that "Everything must be freighted north to Naerytar."

The party proceeds up the stairs to find a Kobold barracks. They search it to find coins and trinkets. They decide to rest in the room.