The party decides to continue exploring the cavern, and proceeds down a flight of stairs. Corrin makes it down the stairs without incident, but Thia steps on a loose stair which triggers a trap. Rocks fall on Nolati and Raizys, who were descending behind Thia, but both dodge skillfully, using their shields to block the worst of the damage.

They explore the next room, which is mostly empty besides shadows, a fenced off pit, and a rack of old equipment. They find three guard drakes, and go to great lengths to befriend them. Nolati manages to semi-tame one drake by feeding it jerky, and Corrin uses his thieving tools to unlock the pit's gate. The party manages to lure the friendly drake out of the pit while keeping the remaining two drakes enclosed.

Meanwhile, Raizys and Thia explored the next room, which was entirely in shadow. They bring torches, but see only the corpses of dead rats on the cave floor. The party regroups and enters the room, causing a massive disturbance of a huge flight of bats which fly around in every direction. Corrin tries a Thaumaturgic-flash of the lantern, but it has no effect. From among the noise and confusion, ten stirges attack, latching onto the party members and draining their blood. Corrin summons a spiritual Flyswatter to fight. The party fights off the stirges, and the drake joins in, taking out two stirges by itself. After the battle, during which Raizys took heavy damage, she asks, "Does anybody have a moist towelette?"

The party explores the cave and finds a cliff. Nolati tosses a lit torch to reveal water down below. Nolati says she doesn't want to go that way, but Corrin argues that there might be treasure! Raizys adds that there might be an underwater tunnel, but Nolati insists that she's not oging swimming while wearing armor. Corrin sets up a rope and climbs down, holding a torch in one hand. However, the one-handed descent proves tricky and he slips and crashes to the floor below. Corrin yells that he took more damage from the fall than he did in the fight!

Corrin notices ripples in the water coming towards him, and he scrambles to climb back up the rope. Thia uses Bardic Inspiration to guide his ascent. Whatever is causing the ripples does not emerge from the water, and Corrin throws in a piece of jerky but nothing happens. The party eventually moves on.

They come to a chilled cavern with a curtain of leather strips at its entrance. Thia tries to push through the curtain, but is cut by a hidden blade that poisons her. She heals herself while Nolati uses her shield to push the curtain aside so the others can enter. Inside, they find a freezer containing frozen meats, game, and carcasses. Nolati and Thia grab some antelope steaks, while the drake eats some antelope and then a rabbit. Nolati names it Teff. The party finds nothing in the room besides meat, so they leave and make their way out of the cavern complex.

In the open air, Teff starts to look around, and Nolati says, "Good luck Tekk, you did well!" Tekk runs off into the wild, and Nolati leaves the meat she brought from the freezer in case Teff wants it. Everyone takes a short rest while Thia pays a nearby hunter 2 gp to cook the antelope steak over the fire. 